#12271 Release 24.7.0 (#12272)
twisted/twisted: NEWS.rst

Web
---

Features
~~~~~~~~

- twisted.web.agent.Agent now allows duplicate Content-Length headers having the same value, per RFC 9110 section 8.6. It is otherwise more strict when parsing Content-Length header values. (#9064)
- twisted.web.client.HTTPConnectionPool used by HTTP clients now runs faster by using a little less CPU. (#12108)
- twisted.web.http_headers now uses less CPU, making a small HTTP client request 10% faster or so. (#12116)
- twisted.web's HTTP/1.1 server now runs a little faster, with about 10% lower CPU overhead. (#12133)
- twisted.web's HTTP 1.1 server is an additional 5% faster. (#12155)

Bugfixes
~~~~~~~~

- twisted.web.util.redirectTo now HTML-escapes the provided URL in the fallback response body it returns (GHSA-cf56-g6w6-pqq2, CVE-2024-41810). (#9839)
- twisted.web.http.IM_A_TEAPOT was added and returns `I'm a teapot`
  as default message for the status code 418,
  as defined in RFC 2324 section 2.3.2. (#12104)
- The HTTP 1.0/1.1 server provided by twisted.web is now more picky about the first line of a request, improving compliance with RFC 9112. (#12233)

> - The HTTP 1.0/1.1 server provided by twisted.web now contains the characters set of HTTP header names, improving compliance with RFC 9110. (#12235)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The HTTP 1.0/1.1 server provided by twisted.web now constraints the character set of HTTP header names, improving compliance with RFC 9110. (#12235)
```

Sorry, I seem to have typo'd this.

> - The HTTP 1.0 and 1.1 server provided by twisted.web could process pipelined HTTP requests out-of-order, possibly resulting in information disclosure (CVE-2024-41671/GHSA-c8m8-j448-xjx7) (#12248)

Reviewer: Could we move this to the top of the section? It is the most serious bug here.

Author: Yes. I will move them

I guess that it might help to have something like `src/twisted/newsfragments/12248.security`  and have this automatically at the top.

That is, don't use `.bugfix` for security issue, but use a separate `.security` section.

> - twisted.web.util.redirectTo now HTML-escapes the provided URL in the fallback response body it returns (GHSA-cf56-g6w6-pqq2). The issue is being tracked with CVE-2024-41810. (#12263)

Reviewer: This one is a duplicate of the one on line 92.
